aws_sigv4/examples.md, before:

Example: GET Object
The following example gets the first 10 bytes of an object (test.txt) from examplebucket. For more information about the API action, see GetObject.


```
```
GET /test.txt HTTP/1.1
Host: examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
Authorization: SignatureToBeCalculated
Range: bytes=0-9 
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
x-amz-date: 20130524T000000Z 
Because this GET request does not provide any body content, the x-amz-content-sha256 value can either be the hash of the empty request body or the literal string "UNSIGNED-PAYLOAD". The following steps show signature calculations and construction of the Authorization header using the hash of an empty string.
```
```
1. StringToSign

  a. CanonicalRequest

```
GET
/test.txt

host:examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
range:bytes=0-9
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
x-amz-date:20130524T000000Z

host;range;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date
e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855  
```
In the canonical request string, the last line is the hash of the empty request body. The third line is empty because there are no query parameters in the request.
```
```

  b. StringToSign

```
AWS4-HMAC-SHA256
20130524T000000Z
20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request
7344ae5b7ee6c3e7e6b0fe0640412a37625d1fbfff95c48bbb2dc43964946972
```

2. SigningKey


```
signing key = HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256("AWS4" + "<YourSecretAccessKey>","20130524"),"us-east-1"),"s3"),"aws4_request")
```

3. Signature


```
f0e8bdb87c964420e857bd35b5d6ed310bd44f0170aba48dd91039c6036bdb41
```

4. Authorization header
The resulting Authorization header is as follows:

```
AWS4-HMAC-SHA256 Credential=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE/20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request,SignedHeaders=host;range;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date,Signature=f0e8bdb87c964420e857bd35b5d6ed310bd44f0170aba48dd91039c6036bdb41
```

Example: PUT Object
This example PUT request creates an object (test$file.text) in examplebucket . The example assumes the following:


You are requesting REDUCED_REDUNDANCY as the storage class by adding the x-amz-storage-class request header. For information about storage classes, see Storage Classes in the Amazon Simple Storage Service User Guide.

The content of the uploaded file is a string, "Welcome to Amazon S3." The value of x-amz-content-sha256 in the request is based on this string.

For information about the API action, see PutObject.


PUT test$file.text HTTP/1.1
Host: examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
Date: Fri, 24 May 2013 00:00:00 GMT
Authorization: SignatureToBeCalculated
x-amz-date: 20130524T000000Z 
x-amz-storage-class: REDUCED_REDUNDANCY
x-amz-content-sha256: 44ce7dd67c959e0d3524ffac1771dfbba87d2b6b4b4e99e42034a8b803f8b072

<Payload>
The following steps show signature calculations.

StringToSign
CanonicalRequest


PUT
/test%24file.text

date:Fri, 24 May 2013 00:00:00 GMT
host:examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
x-amz-content-sha256:44ce7dd67c959e0d3524ffac1771dfbba87d2b6b4b4e99e42034a8b803f8b072
x-amz-date:20130524T000000Z
x-amz-storage-class:REDUCED_REDUNDANCY

date;host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date;x-amz-storage-class
44ce7dd67c959e0d3524ffac1771dfbba87d2b6b4b4e99e42034a8b803f8b072
In the canonical request, the third line is empty because there are no query parameters in the request. The x-amz-content-sha256 canonical header may optionally be signed since its payload hash is already provided at the bottom of the request. The last line is the hash of the body, which should be the same as the x-amz-content-sha256 header value sent to S3 in the HTTP request.

StringToSign


AWS4-HMAC-SHA256
20130524T000000Z
20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request
9e0e90d9c76de8fa5b200d8c849cd5b8dc7a3be3951ddb7f6a76b4158342019d

SigningKey


signing key = HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256("AWS4" + "<YourSecretAccessKey>","20130524"),"us-east-1"),"s3"),"aws4_request")

Signature


98ad721746da40c64f1a55b78f14c238d841ea1380cd77a1b5971af0ece108bd

Authorization header
The resulting Authorization header is as follows:



AWS4-HMAC-SHA256 Credential=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE/20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request,SignedHeaders=date;host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date;x-amz-storage-class,Signature=98ad721746da40c64f1a55b78f14c238d841ea1380cd77a1b5971af0ece108bd

Example: GET Bucket Lifecycle
The following GET request retrieves the lifecycle configuration of examplebucket. For information about the API action, see GetBucketLifecycleConfiguration.


GET ?lifecycle HTTP/1.1
Host: examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
Authorization: SignatureToBeCalculated
x-amz-date: 20130524T000000Z 
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
Because the request does not provide any body content, the x-amz-content-sha256 header value is the hash of the empty request body. The following steps show signature calculations.

StringToSign
CanonicalRequest


GET
/
lifecycle=
host:examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
x-amz-date:20130524T000000Z

host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date
e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
In the canonical request, the last line is the hash of the empty request body.

StringToSign


AWS4-HMAC-SHA256
20130524T000000Z
20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request
9766c798316ff2757b517bc739a67f6213b4ab36dd5da2f94eaebf79c77395ca

SigningKey


signing key = HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256("AWS4" + "<YourSecretAccessKey>","20130524"),"us-east-1"),"s3"),"aws4_request")

Signature


fea454ca298b7da1c68078a5d1bdbfbbe0d65c699e0f91ac7a200a0136783543

Authorization header
The resulting Authorization header is as follows:



AWS4-HMAC-SHA256 Credential=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE/20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request,SignedHeaders=host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date,Signature=fea454ca298b7da1c68078a5d1bdbfbbe0d65c699e0f91ac7a200a0136783543

Example: Get Bucket (List Objects)
The following example retrieves a list of objects from examplebucket bucket. For information about the API action, see ListObjects.


GET ?max-keys=2&prefix=J HTTP/1.1
Host: examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
Authorization: SignatureToBeCalculated
x-amz-date: 20130524T000000Z 
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
Because the request does not provide a body, the value of x-amz-content-sha256 is the hash of the empty request body. The following steps show signature calculations.

StringToSign
CanonicalRequest


GET
/
max-keys=2&prefix=J
host:examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
x-amz-date:20130524T000000Z

host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date
e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
In the canonical string, the last line is the hash of the empty request body.

StringToSign


AWS4-HMAC-SHA256
20130524T000000Z
20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request
df57d21db20da04d7fa30298dd4488ba3a2b47ca3a489c74750e0f1e7df1b9b7

SigningKey


signing key = HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256("AWS4" + "<YourSecretAccessKey>","20130524"),"us-east-1"),"s3"),"aws4_request")

Signature


34b48302e7b5fa45bde8084f4b7868a86f0a534bc59db6670ed5711ef69dc6f7

Authorization header
The resulting Authorization header is as follows:



AWS4-HMAC-SHA256 Credential=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE/20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request,SignedHeaders=host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date,Signature=34b48302e7b5fa45bde8084f4b7868a86f0a534bc59db6670ed5711ef69dc6f7

Commit message:

Made this whole thing somewhat publicly presentable.
Now that's not to say I cleaned up the source code, who knows what the
heck is in there...

aws_sigv4/examples.md, after:

oh hi
I haven't done the unit tests yet.
I thought it wouldn't work but then it just randomly worked after not working with no changes
which was really weird
I should probably still put the unit tests in there, cause they kinda just...fail...


Example: GET Object
The following example gets the first 10 bytes of an object (test.txt) from examplebucket. For more information about the API action, see GetObject.


```
```
GET /test.txt HTTP/1.1
Host: examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
Authorization: SignatureToBeCalculated
Range: bytes=0-9 
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
x-amz-date: 20130524T000000Z 
Because this GET request does not provide any body content, the x-amz-content-sha256 value can either be the hash of the empty request body or the literal string "UNSIGNED-PAYLOAD". The following steps show signature calculations and construction of the Authorization header using the hash of an empty string.
```
```
1. StringToSign

  a. CanonicalRequest

```
GET
/test.txt

host:examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
range:bytes=0-9
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
x-amz-date:20130524T000000Z

host;range;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date
e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855  
```
In the canonical request string, the last line is the hash of the empty request body. The third line is empty because there are no query parameters in the request.
```
```

  b. StringToSign

```
AWS4-HMAC-SHA256
20130524T000000Z
20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request
7344ae5b7ee6c3e7e6b0fe0640412a37625d1fbfff95c48bbb2dc43964946972
```

2. SigningKey


```
signing key = HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256("AWS4" + "<YourSecretAccessKey>","20130524"),"us-east-1"),"s3"),"aws4_request")
```

3. Signature


```
f0e8bdb87c964420e857bd35b5d6ed310bd44f0170aba48dd91039c6036bdb41
```

4. Authorization header
The resulting Authorization header is as follows:

```
AWS4-HMAC-SHA256 Credential=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE/20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request,SignedHeaders=host;range;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date,Signature=f0e8bdb87c964420e857bd35b5d6ed310bd44f0170aba48dd91039c6036bdb41
```

Example: PUT Object
This example PUT request creates an object (test$file.text) in examplebucket . The example assumes the following:


You are requesting REDUCED_REDUNDANCY as the storage class by adding the x-amz-storage-class request header. For information about storage classes, see Storage Classes in the Amazon Simple Storage Service User Guide.

The content of the uploaded file is a string, "Welcome to Amazon S3." The value of x-amz-content-sha256 in the request is based on this string.

For information about the API action, see PutObject.


PUT test$file.text HTTP/1.1
Host: examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
Date: Fri, 24 May 2013 00:00:00 GMT
Authorization: SignatureToBeCalculated
x-amz-date: 20130524T000000Z 
x-amz-storage-class: REDUCED_REDUNDANCY
x-amz-content-sha256: 44ce7dd67c959e0d3524ffac1771dfbba87d2b6b4b4e99e42034a8b803f8b072

<Payload>
The following steps show signature calculations.

StringToSign
CanonicalRequest


PUT
/test%24file.text

date:Fri, 24 May 2013 00:00:00 GMT
host:examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
x-amz-content-sha256:44ce7dd67c959e0d3524ffac1771dfbba87d2b6b4b4e99e42034a8b803f8b072
x-amz-date:20130524T000000Z
x-amz-storage-class:REDUCED_REDUNDANCY

date;host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date;x-amz-storage-class
44ce7dd67c959e0d3524ffac1771dfbba87d2b6b4b4e99e42034a8b803f8b072
In the canonical request, the third line is empty because there are no query parameters in the request. The x-amz-content-sha256 canonical header may optionally be signed since its payload hash is already provided at the bottom of the request. The last line is the hash of the body, which should be the same as the x-amz-content-sha256 header value sent to S3 in the HTTP request.

StringToSign


AWS4-HMAC-SHA256
20130524T000000Z
20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request
9e0e90d9c76de8fa5b200d8c849cd5b8dc7a3be3951ddb7f6a76b4158342019d

SigningKey


signing key = HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256("AWS4" + "<YourSecretAccessKey>","20130524"),"us-east-1"),"s3"),"aws4_request")

Signature


98ad721746da40c64f1a55b78f14c238d841ea1380cd77a1b5971af0ece108bd

Authorization header
The resulting Authorization header is as follows:



AWS4-HMAC-SHA256 Credential=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE/20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request,SignedHeaders=date;host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date;x-amz-storage-class,Signature=98ad721746da40c64f1a55b78f14c238d841ea1380cd77a1b5971af0ece108bd

Example: GET Bucket Lifecycle
The following GET request retrieves the lifecycle configuration of examplebucket. For information about the API action, see GetBucketLifecycleConfiguration.


GET ?lifecycle HTTP/1.1
Host: examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
Authorization: SignatureToBeCalculated
x-amz-date: 20130524T000000Z 
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
Because the request does not provide any body content, the x-amz-content-sha256 header value is the hash of the empty request body. The following steps show signature calculations.

StringToSign
CanonicalRequest


GET
/
lifecycle=
host:examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
x-amz-date:20130524T000000Z

host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date
e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
In the canonical request, the last line is the hash of the empty request body.

StringToSign


AWS4-HMAC-SHA256
20130524T000000Z
20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request
9766c798316ff2757b517bc739a67f6213b4ab36dd5da2f94eaebf79c77395ca

SigningKey


signing key = HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256("AWS4" + "<YourSecretAccessKey>","20130524"),"us-east-1"),"s3"),"aws4_request")

Signature


fea454ca298b7da1c68078a5d1bdbfbbe0d65c699e0f91ac7a200a0136783543

Authorization header
The resulting Authorization header is as follows:



AWS4-HMAC-SHA256 Credential=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE/20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request,SignedHeaders=host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date,Signature=fea454ca298b7da1c68078a5d1bdbfbbe0d65c699e0f91ac7a200a0136783543

Example: Get Bucket (List Objects)
The following example retrieves a list of objects from examplebucket bucket. For information about the API action, see ListObjects.


GET ?max-keys=2&prefix=J HTTP/1.1
Host: examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
Authorization: SignatureToBeCalculated
x-amz-date: 20130524T000000Z 
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
Because the request does not provide a body, the value of x-amz-content-sha256 is the hash of the empty request body. The following steps show signature calculations.

StringToSign
CanonicalRequest


GET
/
max-keys=2&prefix=J
host:examplebucket.s3.amazonaws.com
x-amz-content-sha256:e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
x-amz-date:20130524T000000Z

host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date
e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
In the canonical string, the last line is the hash of the empty request body.

StringToSign


AWS4-HMAC-SHA256
20130524T000000Z
20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request
df57d21db20da04d7fa30298dd4488ba3a2b47ca3a489c74750e0f1e7df1b9b7

SigningKey


signing key = HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256(HMAC-SHA256("AWS4" + "<YourSecretAccessKey>","20130524"),"us-east-1"),"s3"),"aws4_request")

Signature


34b48302e7b5fa45bde8084f4b7868a86f0a534bc59db6670ed5711ef69dc6f7

Authorization header
The resulting Authorization header is as follows:



AWS4-HMAC-SHA256 Credential=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE/20130524/us-east-1/s3/aws4_request,SignedHeaders=host;x-amz-content-sha256;x-amz-date,Signature=34b48302e7b5fa45bde8084f4b7868a86f0a534bc59db6670ed5711ef69dc6f7
